LOCATIONS EXTRAS
	<!--direct link
	https://www.google.com/maps/dir//Woof+Gang+Bakery+Bull+Street,+137+Bull+St,+Savannah,+GA+31401/data=!4m6!4m5!1m1!4e2!1m2!1m1!1s0x88fb9e660dc0f667:0xb3567427d5164e7b?ved=2ahUKEwjRxMH3xsDeAhXJzFMKHQ5cC7MQ48ADMAR6BAgBEDM
	-->

	<!-- my link
	https://www.google.com/maps/
	dir//Woof+Gang+Bakery+Bull+Street,+137+Bull+St,+Savannah,+GA+31401/@32.0775519,-81.1627136,12z/data=!4m8!4m7!1m0!1m5!1m1!1s0x88fb9e660dc0f667:0xb3567427d5164e7b!2m2!1d-81.0926734!2d32.0775712
	-->


	heroku config:set  REDISTOGO_URL=redis://redistogo:f60167df7479ead015249116b05ac2f4@spinyfin.redistogo.com:11064/
	heroku config:set  REDIS_URL=redis://redistogo:f60167df7479ead015249116b05ac2f4@spinyfin.redistogo.com:11064/
	unset.   get


BLOG EXTRAS
	no image -- add if to posts/index --
	- Woof Gang Bakery, Your Neighborhood Pet Store, Grows in Palm Beach County with Four New Stores
	- Woof Gang Bakery Unleashes New Pet Retail Store and Grooming Location in Wilmington, North Carolina




	TINY img ---
		- Orlando- Based Woof Gang Bakery Opens Six New Stores and Opens First Full-Service Animal Clinic
		- Woof Gang Bakery Raleigh Reopens with a Makeover and New Owners
		- Woof Gang Bakery Wins Best Grooming
		- Woof Gang Bakery Named Tenth Largest Pet Retailer in North America



	links --
		- Woof Gang Bakery says business is doggone good
		- Orlando-Based Woof Gang Bakery Named Fifteenth Largest Pet Food Retailer
		- Orlando-Based Woof Gang Bakery Awarded Best Overall Multi-Unit Retailer Award
		- TripswithPets.com-Pet Friendly Destinations
		- Woof Gang Bakery ranks among top fastest growing pet chains
		- Woof Gang Bakery: The Pet Industry’s Top Dog
		- Woof Gang Bakery Named Tenth Largest Pet Retailer in North America





	taglines ---
		plano:
		This New Breed of Neighborhood Pet Store is the First Location in Plano and the Company’s Seventh Franchise in Texas

		buckead reopens:
		Neighborhood Pet Supply Store and Grooming Franchise Caters to Buckhead Area’s Health-conscious Pet Owners and Pampered Pups

		Woof Gang Bakery, Your Neighborhood Pet Store, Grows in Palm Beach County with Four New Stores:
		Woof Gang Bakery Franchise Expands to 45 Stores in 2013

		Woof Gang Bakery Unleashes New Pet Retail Store and Grooming Location in Raleigh, North Carolina:
		This New Breed of Neighborhood Pet Store is First Location in Wakefield and Company’s Sixth Franchise in North Carolina

		Katy opening:
		This New Breed of Neighborhood Pet Store is the First Location in Katy and the Company’s Eighth Franchise in Texas

		Woof Gang Bakery Unleashes New Pet Retail Store and Grooming Location in Wilmington, North Carolina:
		This New Breed of Neighborhood Pet Store is the First Location in Wilmington and the Company’s Fifth Franchise in North Carolina

		Orlando-Based Woof Gang Bakery Leads the Pack With New Services and Amenities:
		Franchise Offers the Very Best in Pet Care by Introducing Animal Clinics And Doggie Day Care to Franchise Portfolio

		Woof Gang Bakery Embarks on First Nevada Location – New Pet Retail Store and Grooming Opens in Las Vegas:
		This New Breed of Neighborhood Pet Store is the First of Five Stores Planned for Las Vegas

		Woof Gang Bakery Raleigh Reopens with a Makeover and New Owners:
		Neighborhood Pet Supply Store and Grooming Franchise Caters to Raleigh Area’s Health-conscious Pet Owners and Pampered Pups

		Orlando- Based Woof Gang Bakery Opens Six New Stores and Opens First Full-Service Animal Clinic:
		Woof Gang Bakery franchise will grow to 43 stores by the end of 2013

		Woof Gang Bakery Unleashes Ninth Central Florida Store:
		This New Breed of Neighborhood Pet Store is Located in Apopka

		Woof Gang Bakery Unleashes New Pet Retail Store and Grooming Location in St Petersburg, Florida:
		This New Breed of Neighborhood Pet Store is the First Location in St Petersburg and the Company’s 19th Florida Location





OG SERVICES COPY
	GROOMING
		We believe that regular, thorough grooming is an essential element in every dog’s health and well-being.
		Our groomers will help keep your dog in optimal hygiene, and looking fabulous at the same time.
		Contact us today for more information about how our dog spas can benefit both you and your dog.

		We will treat your pet as if it was our own. Our Certified, Experienced Groomers are among the best in the industry

		Our spa menu provides a selection of luxurious and healthy spa treatments.
		Your dog or cat’s coat, skin, teeth and nails will look, smell and feel better.
		Our spa products will help soothe and restore their coat to its natural beauty.
		We offer a wide range of special products to accommodate your pet’s needs including hypo-allergenic and medicated products.

		Prices vary for full grooms, and depend on the size, breed, and condition of your dog.
		Additional services are available for an extra fee.

		Please contact your local store to set up a grooming consultation, or stop by and meet with one of our groomers – We know you will see the difference.



	Self Service Grooming
		We take the hassle & mess out of bath time by providing a modern spa-like atmosphere in which to bathe your dog!

		No more making a mess in your bathroom, or chasing your dog around the yard with a hose. Use our supplies and facilities and skip the cleanup. All you need to bring is the dog.

		We give you all the tools to make your dog look and smell great! It allows you to have a one-on-one experience with your dog and leave the mess with us.

		Having a healthy coat benefits your dog in so many ways. By maintaining good grooming habits, you are doing far more than just showing off your dog’s beautiful fur. You are also giving your dog the gift of good health!
		<br>
		Amenities

		Shampoo & Conditioner
		Towels
		Brushes
		Variable Speed Warm Dryers
		Warm Water
		Aprons
		No Bending or Kneeling
		User-Friendly Set-Up, Including Ramps

		<br>
		Stores with Self Service Grooming

		Woof Gang Bakery & Grooming Aberdeen

		Woof Gang Bakery & Grooming Cary

		Woof Gang Bakery & Grooming Fayetteville



	Vet Clinic
		Meet the Doctor

		Florida native Dr. Barry Wander is the franchise owner and head veterinarian of Woof Gang Bakery, Grooming and Vet Clinic Boca Raton. Dr. Wander attended the University of Florida where he earned his bachelor’s degree in animal science and a master’s degree in animal nutrition. In 1987, he opened Wander Animal Hospital, and has practiced veterinary medicine for 27 years with a special interest in Dermatological diseases, Pediatric and Geriatric Medicine. He is dedicated to the local community and to providing unparalleled service and quality products for customers and their four-legged friends.

		<br>
		Veterinary Services

		Diagnostics
		Surgery
		Prescription Pet Foods
		International and interstate health certificates for travel
		Microchipping
		Pharmacy
		Laboratory
		Radiology
		Dental Care
		Prophylaxis
		Immunizations
		Parasite Prevention and Control
		Nutritional counseling
		Wellness Exams

		<br>
		Veterinary Clinic Locations

		Woof Gang Bakery, Grooming and Vet Clinic
		7050 W. Palmetto Park Rd, Suite 21
		Boca Raton, FL 33433
		561-447-7966



	Doggie Daycare
		Woof Gang Doggie Day Care offers a safe environment for monitored interaction with other dogs.

		Woof Gang Doggie Day Care is clean and staffed with well-trained individuals who put your dog’s safety above all else.  Our intimate atmosphere provides individual attention that ensures the needs of each pet are always being met.

		You will go through an initial screening process to ensure that your dog is fit to integrate into Woof Gang Doggie Day Care. Your dog must be spayed or neutered with up-to-date vaccinations for parvo, bordatella, rabies, and DHLP. During your dog’s initial visit he/she will be closely scrutinized.

		If your dog meets socialization requirements and enjoys mixing with other dogs, then chances are they will thrive at doggy daycare.

		Dogs love Woof Gang Doggie Day Care. There’s room to run around, lots of human attention and plenty of canine companionship.  If you work long hours, Woof Gang Doggie Day Care benefits both you and your pet.  Our focus is keeping your dog safe and well.
		<br>
		Stores with Doggie Day Care

		Woof Gang Bakery & Grooming Boynton Beach
		12393 Hagen Ranch Road
		Boynton Beach, FL 33437

		561-739-8288

		*Doggie Day Care is not offered at all of our locations.

		Contact your local Woof Gang Bakery for up to date services*
